1)  BubletRepository.java li=148: null pointer: need to handle user remote
files

??? Text editor open remote file options

??  Copy test from editor (local) in client doesn't support paste to BALE
    editor (remote) on server.

??  Default workspace on the client still bad -- need to set default_workspace
    for all uses

??  Seede times out too soon

??  Breakpoints don't seem to be saved much of the time.  Perhaps Eclipse is
    exiting abnormally.  Is there a way of forcing breakpoints to be saved to disk?
    You need to do either project or workspace save. (these could be expensive -- save for
    end?, do in background?)

XX  Goto Source for constructor call from stack view fails?

XX  How to put back DDT control window (key that checks if present and
     recreates if not?; don't allow deletion?)

XX  Select word inside string shouldn't select the whole string

??? Bad working directory in the command line for new project causes BDOC to
   abort (update default_workspace). This generates a Bad board setup error.

???  Debug panel is sometimes missing after startup

???  -cloud not remembered after download of new version

???  Text search limited to project

14)  Data display of large arrays

???  Cut and paste into evaluation window.

??? Sometime it says getting cloud information, but never puts up dialog box

??? Sometimes the group doesn't go away when the bubble does (white shadow
      group left)

??? Plugins not updated when bubbles is updated.

???  F3/F4 should use pointed to, not selection

???  No logging of file queries.  File queries can be missing. (or just message missing)

???  Changing launch configuration name doesn't update repository

22)  Debug can't open JFrame on mac inside bubbles (SWT library and Eclipse hidden flag)
        -XstartOnFirstThread

XXX  Removing all debug channels should go back to main view, not debug view.

???  Copy from debug console doesn't allow paste in other applications

XXX  Reduce timeouts on setupElision

???  Fix bubbles attached to sides.

???  Quick fix should time out

???  On cloud bubbles, some messages are getting lost

XXX  Window comes up the wrong size

XXX  Only one derby at once -- should use different files for different projects

???  History features in ddt interaction window.

???  Tool bar is in wrong place if window shade is up when F1 is hit

???  Plugins should use the manifest or the xml file, not both.

34)  The launch config window start field goes away when changing project and never comes back.
        Now it is not autocomplete and only the arrow goes away.  Might be a problem with
        Swing combo box.

XXX  Pop up dialog while saving session at end to tell user what is going on.

???  Tool bar initial window doesn't adjust correctly with shade.  Remove and add makes it work.

???  Cut from ddt value window bottom pane doesn't use mac keys

38)  Sometimes a bubble can't be deleted except as a group -- the bubble is there, but bubbles
        doesn't think so.  Better than a blank group, but still not correct




